LICENSE for the ARCADIA project, version 0.3. 

As a work of the United States Government, this source code is in the public 
domain within the United States and is not licensed or under copyright and was 
produced at the U.S. Naval Research Laboratory. The information and software may 
be used freely by the public, subject to patent and/or trademark protection, and 
other applicable law, if any. In particular, aspects of this software are 
protected by U.S. Patent Nos. 8,098,886 and 8,515,131. In no way are the patent 
or trademark rights of any person affected by this license, nor are the rights 
that other persons may have in the work or in how the work is used, such as 
publicity or privacy rights. 

As required by 17 U.S.C. 403, third parties producing copyrighted works 
consisting predominantly of the material produced by U.S. Government agencies 
must provide notice with such work(s) identifying the U.S. Government material 
incorporated and stating that such material is not subject to copyright 
protection.

Derived works shall not identify themselves in a manner that implies an
endorsement by or an affiliation with the Naval Research Laboratory, the U.S.
Navy, or the U.S. Government or any agency or department thereof. A Recipient 
may not make any representation in any promotional, advertising or other 
material that may be construed as an endorsement by the Naval Research
Laboratory, the U.S. Navy, or the U.S. Government or any agency or department 
thereof, or that may seek to obtain commercial advantage by the fact of the 
Naval Research Laboratoryâ€™s participation in this Agreement.
 
Notwithstanding any provisions contained herein, Recipient is hereby put on 
notice that export of any goods or technical data from the United States may 
require some form of export license from the U.S. Government. Failure to obtain 
necessary export licenses may result in criminal liability under U.S. laws. The 
Naval Research Laboratory neither represents that a license shall not be
required nor that, if required, it shall be issued. Nothing granted herein 
provides any such export license. 

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES; WAIVER AND INDEMNIFICATION

 A. No Warranty: THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY 
 OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
 LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE WILL CONFORM TO
 SPECIFICATIONS, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
 PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR FREEDOM FROM INFRINGEMENT, ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SUBJECT
 SOFTWARE WILL BE ERROR FREE, OR ANY WARRANTY THAT DOCUMENTATION, IF PROVIDED, 
 WILL CONFORM TO THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE. THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT, IN ANY MANNER,
 CONSTITUTE AN ENDORSEMENT BY GOVERNMENT AGENCY OR ANY PRIOR RECIPIENT OF ANY 
 RESULTS, RESULTING DESIGNS, HARDWARE, SOFTWARE PRODUCTS OR ANY OTHER
 APPLICATIONS RESULTING FROM USE OF THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE. FURTHER, GOVERNMENT
 AGENCY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND LIABILITIES REGARDING THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE, 
 IF PRESENT IN THE ORIGINAL SOFTWARE, AND DISTRIBUTES IT "AS IS."
 
 B. Waiver and Indemnity: RECIPIENT AGREES TO WAIVE ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AGAINST 
 THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT, ITS CONTRACTORS AND SUBCONTRACTORS, AS WELL AS
 ANY PRIOR RECIPIENT. IF RECIPIENT'S USE OF THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE RESULTS IN ANY 
 LIABILITIES, DEMANDS, DAMAGES, EXPENSES OR LOSSES ARISING FROM SUCH USE,
 INCLUDING ANY DAMAGES FROM PRODUCTS BASED ON, OR RESULTING FROM, RECIPIENT'S 
 USE OF THE SUBJECT SOFTWARE, RECIPIENT SHALL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE 
 UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT, ITS CONTRACTORS AND SUBCONTRACTORS, AS WELL AS ANY
 PRIOR RECIPIENT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. RECIPIENT'S SOLE REMEDY FOR 
 ANY SUCH MATTER SHALL BE THE IMMEDIATE, UNILATERAL TERMINATION OF THIS 
 AGREEMENT. 

GENERAL TERMS 

A. Severability: If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable
 under applicable law, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the
 remainder of the terms of this Agreement. 

B. Applicable Law: This Agreement shall be subject to United States federal law 
 only for all purposes, including, but not limited to, determining the validity 
 of this Agreement, the meaning of its provisions and the rights, obligations 
 and remedies of the parties. 

C. Entire Understanding: This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding
 and agreement of the parties relating to release of the Subject Software and 
 may not be superseded, modified or amended except by further written agreement 
 duly executed by the parties. 

D. Binding Authority: By accepting and using the Subject Software under this
 Agreement, a Recipient affirms its authority to bind the Recipient to all terms
 and conditions of this Agreement and that that Recipient hereby agrees to all 
 terms and conditions herein. 